cube yeah so with you Obama gruff
splines the last with somebody asked me
where God the got from stockpile
because I'm come from germany berlin and
yeah so God hearing month 10 a platinum
this black I love this Tyra black from
Montana you only get in Germany to the
black and this I like to its chrome 600
molto Buono chrome Scott such output
yeah there's some stickers dot fine
hello my name is you on the 10 cool
please rock and Carl ain't it better
better and yeah I use this in OTR so
tube and for this it's um yes you got it
it's molto 455 TF
got a 30 millimeter here it's pretty
cool so then got the dome dirty pendle
white Malto burner adding 810 ago marker
another montana bottom yeah small
markers again we've got loaves caps to
do some actual fat pig dot ortisky oh
it's fine made this co-op and peace